[elroconnects] New binding for Elro Connects (#11189)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.elroconnects/README.md

Once the bridge thing representing the K1 connector is correctly set up and online, discovery will allow discovering all devices connected to the K1 connector.

If devices are outside reliable RF range, devices known to the K1 hub will be discovered but may stay offline when added as a thing.
Alarm devices can still trigger alarms and pass them between each other, even if the connection with the hub is lost.
It will not be possible to receive alarms and control them from openHAB in this case.

## Thing Configuration

### K1 connector hub

The K1 connector has one required configuration parameter, `connectorId`.
It should be set to ST_xxxxxxxxxxxx with xxxxxxxxxxxx the lowercase MAC address of the connector.
This `connectorId` can also be found in the ELRO Connects mobile application.
                    
There is one optional advanced parameter, `refreshInterval`.
This parameter controls the connection refresh heartbeat interval.
The default is 60s.

The syntax for configuration in a `.things` file is:

```
Thing elroconnects:connector:<connectorId> [connectorId="ST_<MAC address of connector>", refreshInterval=<heartbeat interval>]

> ```

Author: There are bindings with the syntax in the configuration section (I looked at the Hue binding, although it is an example in that case and not the full syntax). This is the full syntax, not an example, and there are examples in the Full Example section. So I prefer keeping it hear.

> ```

Reviewer: The syntax is described in the general openHAB documentation. The binding documentation should only contain binding specific points to make it maintainable more easily, which is key with hundereds of bindings.

> ```

Author: OK, will remove as there are already examples.

# ElroConnects Binding

> The ElroConnects binding provides integration with the [Elro Connects](https://www.elro.eu/en/smart-home) smart home system.

Reviewer 2: I believe from looking at their website that the correct way to write their name is `ELRO Connects` note the capitals. Please change any reference to their name to respect how they wish their brand to be presented in the readme. This matters to some companies.

> The system uses a Wifi Hub (K1 Connector) to enable communication with various smart home devices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The system uses a Wi-Fi Hub (K1 Connector) to enable communication with various smart home devices.
```

The devices communicate with the hub using 868MHz RF.
The binding only communicates with the Elro Connects system and K1 Connector using UDP in the local network.

The binding exposes the devices' status and controls to openHAB.
The K1 connector itself allows setting up scenes through a mobile application.
The binding supports selecting a specific scene.

Many of the sensor devices are battery powered.

## Supported Things

The Elro Connects supported device types are:

* K1 connector hub: `connector`
* Smoke detector: `smokealarm`
* Carbon monoxide detector: `coalarm`
* Heat detector: `heatalarm`
* Water detector: `wateralarm`
* Windows/door contact: `entrysensor`
* Motion detector: `motionsensor`
* Temperature and humidity monitor: `temperaturesensor`
* Plug-in switch: `powersocket`

The `connector` is the bridge thing.
All other things are connected to the bridge.

Testing was only done with smoke and water detectors connected to a K1 connector.

> The firmware version of the K1 connector was 2.0.3.30 at time of test.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The firmware version of the K1 connector was 2.0.3.30 at the time of testing.
```

Older versions of the firmware are known to have differences in the communication protocol.

## Discovery

The K1 connector `connector` cannot be auto-discovered.
Once the bridge thing representing the K1 connector is correctly set up and online, discovery will allow discovering all devices connected to the K1 connector.

> The communication between the hub and devices may be disturbed.

Reviewer 2: What can disturb them? perhaps re-word this if the intension is to point out that discovery may not work if the device is out of reliable RF range.
